hi i'm steve from fibre glas.t today I'm
going to show you the carbon fiber
sleeves that we have available at
fibreglast.com these braided carbon by
axle sleeves feature our most popular
pattern for carbon fiber the 2x2 twill
which matches our number 1069 fabric
it's sleek black look is easy to spot
and is often duplicated in decals and
knockoffs but there's no substitute for
this first quality carbon fiber favorite
carbon fiber delivers the best strength
to weight ratio for composite
reinforcements it combines the highest
ultimate tensile compressive and
flexural strengths in the industry
meaning it consistently stands up to
forces of pulling compressing and
bending respectively the cylindrical
shape of the sleeves lends itself to
convenience they can be slid over a
prepared mandrel or tube to create
straight or tapered tubing the sleeves
can be increased from their base
diameter up to 30% and decreased by 70%
braided sleeves will also completely
conform to the shape of products with
changing geometries like prosthetics and
hockey sticks improving overall
performance minimizing weight and
maximizing strength our carbon fiber
sleeves are made to be used with resin
so this strength will only be realized
in this necessary step we recommend they
be used with epoxy resin like our system
2000 also available at fibreglast.com
braided sleeves are extremely resistant
to cracks between layers reducing the
possibility of delaminating if a
puncture occurs the sleeve provides a
slow controlled failure rather than a
more damaging blow up laying up sleeves
is predictable repeatable and suitable
for precise manufacture of composite
parts and with the fiberglass first
quality guarantee you can count on the
same properties and handling
characteristics every time you order
these sleeves from us because we ensure
that every roll we handle is
manufactured to the highest standards
thanks for watching this video on
youtube visit us at fibreglast.com to
learn more about carbon fiber sleeves
don't forget to subscribe to this
channel and like this video
you